Date:           15-02-2022\
Main focus:     Backlog\
Chair:          Duco de Bruin\
Note taker:     Paulina Soboci≈Ñska

# Opening

# Approval of the agenda

# Points of action
- Git
    - Everyone able to use it?
    - What branch structure will we use?
- Team assignments
    - What to do next: 2a+2b (deadline 18-02)
    - Code of conduct (deadline 18-02)
        - What should be in there?
        - When/who will make it
 - Backlog
     - Draft
     - Issues on GitLab
 - Questions for quizzz
    - Make our own
    - When/where to hand them in?
- HCI
    - Deadline draft 26-02
    - What to do (now)?
 - Scrum 
    - How does it work?
        - Watch video lecture (if not done yet)
    - How will we use it?
- Gradle
    - How does it work?
    - How will we use it?
- Code structure
    - Rules?
- FrameWorks
    - Spring + OpenJFX
    - How does it work?
    - How will we use it?

# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
 - Fill in together

# Any other business

# Questions for the TA
 - Backlog
 - Anything else?

# Question round

# Closing

