22 FEB 2022 - MEETING 3

gui - syntaxing - semantics

coming up this week

- finish HCI assignment, arrange peer review for this ourselves. (duco)
- information literacy course; deadline friday
- assignments 3A and 3B, 3A is team. organize some meeting for that

API

- look into that

PROJECT MANAGEMENT FEATURES

- decide which issue tracker to use on gitlab
- issue boards, usage of labels, etc
- make the sprints clear through gitlab

PLANNING

- create a clear plan with who does what, use issue tracker for this
- decide on a UML (finish up)
- we can start coding after
- put code of conduct on gitlab

use Java checkstyle probably, make sure we all agree on this

---

TA FEEDBACK ~

CODE OF CONDUCT

- the description should give an overview of the task to some outside reader. include what we have to implement. generic overview-summary of our task (create the game)
- include a goal that is not grade related
- application should be easy to use & code style solidarity → vague, rephrase, go more in depth
- outline how we set deadlines (gitlab), divide work more clearly
- state that everyone must be involved, for clarity
- specify how we organize meetings
- go more in depth about what we do when someone is late, actually explicitly state we wait 5 mins and then begin
- heavier consequences for being late

BACKLOG

- Should add labels to issues, we have started this already
- Issues 24, 26, 28 are not functional requirements so they should be labelled as non functional
- Issue 27 is quite vague. Elaborate on it. It also might be redundant with issue 9
- Use gitlab dependency feature to connect issues to each other and organize them better

- use REST API
- JAVADOC - strongly advised-mandatory

---

HOW TO GITLAB ADVICE BY TA

- Every issue should be one feature - make them as small as possible and doable by one person in one week (14 hours)
- commits-reviews-etc show our activity
- Each issue description should include: a description of what it is, a detailed definition of what needs to be done, use checkboxes to organize that, as they give a good indication of progress. Optional: suggested solutions to make it easier for whoever’s doing the issue
- We can put on gitlab an estimate of how much time each issue will take - helpful for organization
- Milestones - use milestones for our sprints to see how much progress we make and keep track
- Use priorities within weights (?)- in general recommendation: use scope labels
- Every single issue should have a priority label and a type label
- Issue boards are used as scrum boards and help keep track of what we’re doing
- Everyone should review merge requests equally. If we notice they dont, we assign them to review one
- Leave comments when reviewing. The comments should be specific and helpful and the code should be reviewed thoroughly. Recommended: pull branch and test code locally. If the original merge requester disagrees, then they have to reply to the comment so the TAs can see this and we can all keep track.
- We can use comments inside methods and we can use // for it.
- We generally shouldn’t merge stuff with TODOs still in them.
- Document EVERYTHING on gitlab so the TAs can see. We can talk outside of gitlab about merge requests but everything must be documented. Everyone involved in a merge request is responsible for it.
- Every pipeline should be green when we push.
- Make sure to run checkstyle locally before committing and pushing.
- It’s up to us if we’re gonna save the users to the database or not

DEADLINE SUMMARY

- information literacy - FRIDAY
- HCI at least the draft - FRIDAY
- questions - ASAP
- start coding - ASAP
- should have a functioning server endpoint by the end of the week. advised to have a functioning endpoint per type. We can test using postman.

Start from endpoint, then go from there. As soon as we have a functioning endpoint everything else is based on that.